docs: update cosmovisor README (#11136)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: cosmovisor/README.md

> go install github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/cosmovisor/cmd/cosmovisor@v0.1.0

Reviewer: can we update the version here, or put <select_version or latest. people tend to copy fast

The following instructions provide a demonstration of `cosmovisor` using the simulation application (`simapp`) shipped with the Cosmos SDK's source code. The following commands are to be run from within the `cosmos-sdk` repository.

First, check out the latest `v0.42` release:
#### Setup a genesis chain

```
git checkout v0.42.7
```

> Compile the `simd` binary:

Author: this is done in the first subsection: "Chain Setup"

> Compile the `simd` binary:

Reviewer 2: This is the first subsection: "Chain Setup". Ok to leave as is though.

./build/simd collect-gentxs
```

Start `cosmosvisor`:

```
cosmovisor run start

> ```

Reviewer 2: You cannot start cosmovisor before you "prepare cosmovisor" (the next section). This will not work without having set the genesis binary.

Author: right, moving it down.

cp ./build/simd $DAEMON_HOME/cosmovisor/genesis/bin
```

> Now you can run cosmovisor with simapp v0.44

Reviewer 2: This now comes after the user has already attempted to start cosmovisor... Why move the start command and increase the block height earlier in the instructions?

Author: because we want to setup the right config at genesis, not when the blockchain started. In multinode setup it would create a failure.

#### Update App

> Update app to the latest  version (eg v0.45).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update app to the latest version (e.g. v0.45).
```

cp ./build/simd $DAEMON_HOME/cosmovisor/upgrades/test1/bin
```

Start `cosmosvisor`:

```
cosmovisor run start

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think we should start cosmovisor here and use a block height of 20. This allowed for a smoother user experience. The instructions currently do not give users enough time to implement the upgrade handler before block height 100 and they will likely need to start over.

Also, it might make sense to create a section following "Update App" called "Run Example" that starts here with running cosmovisor.

Author: Moved. 
I will change block height to 200 and add a comment. We need to run cosmovisor before "Update App" and after chain setup.

Reviewer 2: I was suggesting block height 20 and starting cosmovisor after update app. It is not necessary to run cosmovisor before update app (see [Chain Upgrade Guide](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.44/migrations/chain-upgrade-guide-044.html)). Ok to leave as is though.
